fix(documentation,internet-header): Clarify and fix internet-header getting started doc (#1792)
swisspost/design-system: .changeset/few-ducks-design.md

---
'@swisspost/internet-header': patch
'@swisspost/design-system-documentation': patch
---

> Clarify and fix which internet-header versions are available and how to use them.

Author: ```suggestion
Clarified and fixed which internet-header versions are available and how to use them.
```
